texts/about/en-GB.md, before:

# About

This website as well as the underlying data and software are a product of the
project _NAMPI - Nuns and Monks - Prosopographical Interfaces_ that was
conducted between 2019 and 2021 as part of the
[go!digital Next Generation](https://www.oeaw.ac.at/foerderungen/godigital/godigital-next-generation-ausgewaehlte-projekte#c84827)
grant programme of the Austrian Academy of Sciences.

## Contributors

The following persons have contributed to the development NAMPI:

### University of Vienna, Institute for History

- Dr.in Irene Rabl
- MMag. Patrick Fiska

### International Centre for Archival Research

- Mag. Daniel Jeller

### Universität Graz, Centre for Information Modelling

- Sebastian Stoff, MA

### External contractors

- Mag.a Andrea Singh Bottanova, MA
- Mag.a Manuela Mayer, MA
- Stephan Makowski, MA

## Thank you

A special thank you goes out to all persons that have contributed to NAMPI with
help, suggestions and other assistence. Among them:

- Dr. Mag. Thomas J.J. Wallnig, Privatdoz. MAS
- Prof. P. DDr. Alkuin Schachenmayr OCist
- The whole [VieCPro](https://viecpro.oeaw.ac.at) team
- Barbara Kröger, MA and the [Germania Sacra](https://ad-goe.de/germania-sacra/)
  team
- Walpurga Oppeker

Commit message:

Add slides-download to about-text

texts/about/en-GB.md, after:

# About

This website as well as the underlying data and software are a product of the
project _NAMPI - Nuns and Monks - Prosopographical Interfaces_ that was
conducted between 2019 and 2021 as part of the
[go!digital Next Generation](https://www.oeaw.ac.at/foerderungen/godigital/godigital-next-generation-ausgewaehlte-projekte#c84827)
grant programme of the Austrian Academy of Sciences.

NAMPI has been presented to the public at a "Geschichte am Mittwoch" lecture at
the University of Vienna in Nombember 2021. The slides of the presentation give
a further introduction into many of the aspects of the project:
[download](https://documents.icar-us.eu/documents/2021/11/nampi-geschichte-am-mittwoch-2021-11-03.pdf)

## Contributors

The following persons have contributed to the development NAMPI:

### University of Vienna, Institute for History

- Dr.in Irene Rabl
- MMag. Patrick Fiska

### International Centre for Archival Research

- Mag. Daniel Jeller

### Universität Graz, Centre for Information Modelling

- Sebastian Stoff, MA

### External contractors

- Mag.a Andrea Singh Bottanova, MA
- Mag.a Manuela Mayer, MA
- Stephan Makowski, MA

## Thank you

A special thank you goes out to all persons that have contributed to NAMPI with
help, suggestions and other assistence. Among them:

- Dr. Mag. Thomas J.J. Wallnig, Privatdoz. MAS
- Prof. P. DDr. Alkuin Schachenmayr OCist
- The whole [VieCPro](https://viecpro.oeaw.ac.at) team
- Barbara Kröger, MA and the [Germania Sacra](https://ad-goe.de/germania-sacra/)
  team
- Walpurga Oppeker
